🔗[Problem link](https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-subarray-with-sum-at-least-k/submissions/1803154097/)
Given an integer array `nums` and an integer `k`, return _the length of the shortest non-empty **subarray** of_ `nums` _with a sum of at least_ `k`. If there is no such **subarray**, return `-1`.

---

#### 🗝️Key Concept

- Use **prefix sums** + a **monotonic increasing deque** to track candidate starting indices for subarrays.
- The deque ensures we always have potential **shortest subarrays** by maintaining increasing prefix sums.
- Pop from **front** when current prefix sum minus front ≥ k → valid subarray.
- Pop from **back** while current prefix sum ≤ back → discard worse candidates (they give longer subarrays).

### 🧠Intuition/Approach

- Compute **prefix sum** array `prefix[i+1] = prefix[i] + nums[i]`.
- Initialize deque `dq` and push `0` (starting index).
- For each index `i` in `prefix`:
    - While `prefix[i] - prefix[dq.front()] ≥ k`, update answer `ans = min(ans, i - dq.front())` and pop front.
    - While `prefix[i] ≤ prefix[dq.back()]`, pop back.
    - Push `i` to back of deque.
- Return `ans` if found, else `-1`.

### ❓Note

- We need to use a n+1 size prefix array to handle the case where the 1st element of the array is the answer, because if we don't,  then we simply only push this element in the deque and move ahead, which is wrong(since it wont entre any while loop because deque will be empty).
- For this we use the prefix array (n+1) and also initialize the deque with dq.push_back(0).

### ⌛ Time Complexity

- **Brute force:** O(n²) → check all subarrays, compute sum each time.
- **Optimized (deque):** O(n) → each index pushed/popped at most once.

### 📦 Space Complexity

- **Brute force:** O(1) (or O(n) if prefix sum used).
- **Optimized:** O(n) → prefix sum array + deque.

---

### ✅Solution

```cpp
 int shortestSubarray(vector<int>& nums, int k) {
        int ans  = INT_MAX;
        deque<int> dq;
        dq.push_back(0);
        vector<long> prefix(nums.size()+1,0);

        for(int i=0; i<nums.size(); i++){
            prefix[i+1] = prefix[i] + nums[i];

            while(!dq.empty() && prefix[i+1] - prefix[dq.front()] >= k){
                ans = min(ans, (i+1) - dq.front());
                dq.pop_front();
            }

            while(!dq.empty() && prefix[i+1] < prefix[dq.back()])
                dq.pop_back();

            dq.push_back(i+1);
        }

        return ans == INT_MAX ? -1 : ans;
    }
```
 
 