🔗[Problem link](https://leetcode.com/problems/subarray-product-less-than-k/description/)
 Return _the number of contiguous subarrays where the product of all the elements in the subarray is strictly less than_ `k`.

---

#### 🗝️Key Concept

- The question is solved using Sliding window + [[⚡Subarrays ending at r trick]] (No. of subarrays added by each element) trick.
##### 🚨How does sliding window work for product/sum(<=k) with an unsorted array - 
- It works when we are not trying to optimize the product/sum but we are simply trying to find all windows that follow that property.
- It works because we need contiguous subarrays(windows),, and the property we are working with is monotone i.e, will always grow as we expand the window(like sum & products).
- Now since we now product will keep growing as we move r, and we simply need all subarrays to follow it, we can use sliding window to find all such windows.
- Whenever we get a valid window, we simply add the valid subarrays that r is creating, which will be r-l+1.


### 🧠Intuition/Approach

- Expand `r`, multiply into product.
- While `prod >= k`, shrink from left (`l++`). Since we want to count all possible subarray, we do jump shrink.
- Add `(r - l + 1)` to answer (all subarrays ending at `r`).

### ❓Note

#### How to “think sliding window” with unordered number
Ask yourself:
1. Can I **expand the window** while maintaining a running property (sum, product, max, min, etc.)?
2. Can I **shrink the window** when the property violates the condition?
3. Does the **window represent all contiguous subarrays** ending at `r` (or starting at `l`) that I care about?

### ⌛TC 
- Brute - O(n2)
- Optimized - O(n)

### 📦SC
- Brute - O(1)
- Optimized - O(1)

---

### ✅Solution

```cpp

```
 
 